add react docs for setting up auth (#7843)
aws-amplify/docs: src/pages/[platform]/build-a-backend/auth/set-up-auth/index.mdx

npm add @aws-amplify/ui-react
```

> Next, open **src/App.js** and add the `Authenticator` component.
> 
> ```js title="App.js"
> import { Authenticator, Amplify } from '@aws-amplify/ui-react';
> import outputs from '@/amplify_outputs.json';
> import '@aws-amplify/ui-react/styles.css';
> 
> Amplify.configure(outputs);
> 
> export default function App({ Component, pageProps }) {
>   return (
>     <Authenticator>
>       {({ signOut, user }) => (
>         <main>
>           <h1>Hello {user?.username}</h1>
>           <button onClick={signOut}>Sign out</button>
>            <Component {...pageProps} />
>         </main>
>       )}
>     </Authenticator>
>   );
> }
> 
> ```

Reviewer: ````suggestion
Next, open **src/App.tsx** and add the `Authenticator` component.

```tsx title="src/App.tsx"
import { Authenticator } from '@aws-amplify/ui-react';
import { Amplify } from "aws-amplify"
import outputs from '@/amplify_outputs.json';
import '@aws-amplify/ui-react/styles.css';

Amplify.configure(outputs);

export default function App() {
  return (
    <Authenticator>
      {({ signOut, user }) => (
        <main>
          <h1>Hello {user?.username}</h1>
          <button onClick={signOut}>Sign out</button>
          {/* content */}
        </main>
      )}
    </Authenticator>
  );
}
```
````
